doc: add acrn efi-stub user guide (#6089)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/acrn-secure-boot-with-efi-stub.rst

EFI-Stub to form single EFI application (``acrn.efi``). The overall boot flow is as below.

.. graphviz::

   digraph G {
      rankdir=LR;
      bgcolor="transparent";
      UEFI -> "acrn.efi" ->
      "ACRN\nHypervisor" -> "pre-launched RTVM\nKernel";
      "ACRN\nHypervisor" -> "Service VM\nKernel";
   }

- UEFI firmware verifies ``acrn.efi``
- ``acrn.efi`` unpacks ACRN Hypervisor image and VM Kernels from a stitched container blob
- ``acrn.efi`` loads ACRN Hypervisor to memory
- ``acrn.efi`` prepares MBI to store Service VM & pre-launched RTVM Kernel info
- ``acrn.efi`` hands over control to ACRN Hypervisor with MBI
- ACRN Hypervisor boots Service VM and pre-launched RTVM in parallel

As the container blob format, ``ACRN EFI-Stub`` uses the `Slim Bootloader Container
Boot Image <https://slimbootloader.github.io/how-tos/create-container-boot-image.html>`_.

Verified Configurations
***********************
- ACRN Hypervisor Release Version 2.5
- hybrid_rt scenario
- TGL-U RVP board
- CONFIG_MULTIBOOT2=y (as default)
- CONFIG_RELOC=y (as default)

Building
********

Build Dependencies
==================

> - Build Tools and Dependencies described in the `Getting Started Guide <https://projectacrn.github.io/latest/getting-started/building-from-source.html>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build Tools and Dependencies described in the :ref:`getting-started-building` guide
```

Author: fixed, thank you

     HV_OBJDIR=`pwd`/build/hypervisor/ EFI_OBJDIR=`pwd`/build/hypervisor/misc/efi-stub `pwd`/build/hypervisor/misc/efi-stub/boot.efi

Create Container
================

.. code-block:: none

   $ mkdir -p $TOPDIR/acrn-efi; cd $TOPDIR/acrn-efi
   $ echo > hv_cmdline.txt
   $ echo RT_bzImage    > vm0_tag.txt
   $ echo Linux_bzImage > vm1_tag.txt
   $ echo ACPI_VM0      > acpi_vm0.txt

   $ python3 GenContainer.py create -cl \
     CMDL:./hv_cmdline.txt \
     ACRN:$TOPDIR/acrn-hypervisor/build/hypervisor/acrn.32.out \
     MOD0:./vm0_tag.txt  \
     MOD1:./vm0_kernel   \
     MOD2:./vm1_tag.txt  \
     MOD3:./vm1_kernel   \
     MOD4:./acpi_vm0.txt \
     MOD5:$TOPDIR/acrn-hypervisor/build/hypervisor/acpi/ACPI_VM0.bin \
     -o sbl_os    \
     -t MULTIBOOT \
     -a NONE

You may optionally put HV boot options in the hv_cmdline.txt. Since the current implementation does not accept empty files,
it must contain at least one character even if you don't need additional boot options.

.. code-block:: none

   # Acceptable Examples
   $ echo     > hv_cmdline.txt    # end-of-line
   $ echo " " > hv_cmdline.txt    # space + end-of-line

   # Not Acceptable Example

>    $ touch hv_cmdline.txt         # empty file

Author: Added descriptions of hv_cmdline.txt since it turned out that it should not be an empty file.
